Attendees
-------------
- Stephen Suffian (WattCarbon) (Maintainer)
- Shankho Gosh (Advanced Infrastructure)
- Pierre Vogler-Finck (Pierre V-F)
- Henry Richardson (WattTime)
- AndrÃ© Bernal Garcia (External Collaborator)

Agenda
------------- 
- Go over changes to endpoint since last meeting
-   Request for help in taking our "spec" document and splitting it out into a separate overview and formal spec document
- Curtailment as a requirement?
-   Discuss how to handle different frequencies of timeseries data that is returned
-   Follow-up on whether we want to formally require AIB or allow implementations to choose their own fuel-type/technology standard and simply suggest possible ones
-   Discuss whether we generalize the day-ahead pricing endpoint so that day-ahead, hour-ahead, and historical could all be supplied if available? Which options should we require vs suggest?
-   Discuss standardizing the creation of ids for Power System Resources


Note
------------- 
- we are currently talking about how to structure the grid, but we will also need to think about this from an operational perspective
- time dependence of topologies
- think about switching to key-value pairs for the values: {"US-WECC-NEVP": 100, "US-WECC-ABCD":50}
- should units be in the inner dictionary or outer?
- lets focus on the Metadata section and comment on it in the lead-up to the next meeting.
- Curtailment is something that should be required - it would be good to be a SHOULD instead of a MUST
   - network operators have this data but it may need a push from our side
   - have it be similar structure to generation endpoint, but its own endpoint -> {curtailed: {value: 10}}
   - potential vs actual rather than just curtailment gives a bit more information
- it may be different levels of difficulty to require generation at different topology levels

Action Items
------------- 
- Read up on the `metadata` section of the endpoint spec in the PR (Everyone)
- switch `measurement` to `value` (Steve)
- add `sibling` to the topology endpoint (Steve)
- add `curtailment` endpoint (Steve)
- Add issue around time dependence of topologies (Pierre)
- Add issue around the implications of key-value pair vs dictionary (Pierre)
- Add issue around whether units should be in the inner measurement or not (Steve)
- Add issue around curtailment fields (single field or potential vs actual?) (Henry)
