
## Attendees

-   Stephen Suffian (WattCarbon) (Maintainer)
-   Henry Richardson (WattTime)
-   André Bernal Garcia (External Collaborator)
-   Kristina Stanford (Apple)
-   Pierre Vogler-Finck (PierreVF Consulting)
- Leon-Gerard Vanenberg (Sunified Group B.V.)

## Agenda
-  Review of consistency of language and data sections
- Discussion of how to handle "metadata" that might change over time
- What doe we feel is remaining for version 1.0?

## Note

### Discussing Metadata over time
- Discussion of how to handle "metadata" that might change over time
  -  lets make the request "datetime"-based for now.

### What do we feel is remaining for version 1.0?

Henry pointed out the importance of making a tag for v2.0 for github issues

Henry raised again the need to consider curtailment. It is currently described in the spec, but the language around "SHALL" vs "SHOULD" hasn't been written.

Fix and review language - Steve mentioned a [webinar](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/webinars/writing-a-formal-it-specification?hsLang=en) ([assisting document](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Writing-a-Formal-IT-Specification.pdf)).

### Update API and code to match the spec

We talked about using SQLModel as a new base architecture for the demonstrator to simplify the UI interface and implement changes to the specs.
    
## Action Items
   - Contact John Mertic to see if individual contributors need to sign any document (André and Pierre) 
   - Update demonstrator architecture (Steve)
 - Create an issue regarding the need to have a description of the available endpoints (André)   
-  Working meeting to update demonstrator with Specs ( André and Steve)

