# CDSC WG2 (Power Data) Meetings 2023-05-16

Sync meeting for the whole working group.

## Agenda

* Pierre is stepping down as maintainer, we have to agree on who will take over
* We received feedback from ENTSO-E on the API demonstrator, will share some insights into that
* LFE summit is approaching, let’s align on a plan to prepare our presentation

## Attendees

* André Bernal García
* Hallie Cramer (Google)
* Henry Richardson (WattTime)
* Kristina Stanford (Apple)
* Pierre Segonne (Electricity Maps) (Maintainer)
* Stephen Suffian (WattCarbon)


## Minutes

Transition for the maintainer role:

* Stephen was elected as maintainer unanimously
* Pierre will make sure to transfer all the necessary information and accesses to Stephen

Feedback from ENTSO-E

* Overall pretty positive, they said that the definition of the data types and topology matches what they do internally
* Suggestion for renaming `GridNode` into `PowerSystemResource`.
* Look at CIM - created an issue [here](https://github.com/carbon-data-specification/Power-Systems-Data/issues/64)

Summit preparation

* Pierre and Stephen will align on the agenda of the presentation

## Actions items

* Transition of maintainer (Pierre / Stephen)
* Reach out to Daniel from WG1 to align on the demonstrator (Stephen, CC Henry and Andre)
* Kickoff the prep of the LFE summit (Pierre / Stephen)
