# CDSC WG2 (Power Data) Meetings 2023-04-18

Sync meeting for the whole working group.

## Agenda

* Demonstration of the API demonstrator  - It is now live at [https://carbon-data-specification.onrender.com/docs](https://carbon-data-specification.onrender.com/docs)

## Attendees

* Andre Bernal Garcia
* Aynsley Kretschmar (Meta)
* Hallie Cramer (Google)
* Henry Richardson (WattTime)
* Noah Miller (Advanced Infrastructure)
* Pierre Segonne (Electricity Maps) (Maintainer)

## Minutes

* Discussion around aligning with the WG1. Hallie mentioned that it could be time to reach out to Daniel from the WG1 to verify whether it would be important to take into considerations customer sides concerns in the specification.
  * The idea is that data requested by customers from vertically integrated utilities could follow the format defined here.
  * An example is with power consumption reported for a customer that subscribes to a specific tariff. The utility would be able to provide to the user a breakdown of the consumed electricity and that would be akin to the grid data reported by power system operators.
  * The customer working group would thus be able to piggyback on that.
  * Option for allowing this is to allow the expansion of the Grid Node schema?
  We will meet with Daniel to clarify.

* How do we get the emissions data?
  * We will include emissions as total emissions in absolute value. Explanation for how it's reported can be included.

* Should we allow to request multiple grid nodes at once?
  * For now, we will keep it as is.

* Next steps, start re-engaging with power system operators

* WattCarbon has been in contact with PJM
  * Shared the originally specification, waiting for their return

* CEBA
  * Hallie reach out to organise a round table where we can present our work

* Reach out to ENTSO-E?
  * Noah can potentially help
  * Andre to chip in + reach out to south american tsos

* Last minute discussion around how the demonstrator can allow for the exploration of the topology of the grid.
  * We will include these elements in the V0 of the demonstrator.

* Curtailment will be on the agenda of the next sync.

## Actions items

* Follow-up with WG1 to see if there is any interest in the API demonstrator (Pierre)
* Re-engage with power system operators
  * CEBA (Hallie)
  * ENSTO-E (Pierre)
  * Spanish & south american TSOs (Andre)
