# CDSC WG2 (Power Data) Meetings 2023-03-07

Sync meeting for the whole working group.

## Agenda

* Announcement: Community call on the 2023-03-08.
* Discussion on renewable project siting use case.
* Update on the demonstrator, and on the google doc that specifies the routes.

## Attendees

* Andre Bernal Garcia
* Henry Richardson (WattTime)
* Katrina Stanford (Apple)
* Pierre Segonne (Electricity Maps) (Maintainer)
* Stephen Suffian (WattCarbon)

## Minutes

* Announcement of the community call on the 2023-03-08.
* Discussion on renewable project siting use case.
  * Henry raises a point around the conciness of the suggestion. Other use cases are more concise. The suggestion could be too long and too detailed.
  * Henry will make a new suggestion, shorter.
* Discussion on the API design doc
  * Went through all the questions raised, one by one and discussed
    * `GridNode`. The naming was deemed confusing. The solution on the demonstrator side is to remove it from the path and only keep it as the name of the internal data model. If for some reason the name needs to be exposed to the user, we will discuss what a better name could be.
    * Names for DataTypes are 1:1 match with specifications coming from workstreams 1&2.
      * Henry might open issues in the WG GitHub to update the definitions. The demonstrator should match 1:1 the definition from the specification and not the other way around.
    * Henry will open an issue regarding changing curtailment from should-have to must-have.
    * Discussion around parameter design. Path parameter vs query parameter. Reasons behind the decision to adopt a path param will be explicited in a WIP FAQ in the README of the demonstrator.
    * The demand endpoint will be added as it's a must-have according to the workstream 1.
    * Discussion around timestamps specification. Will be specified as start and end timestamps.
    * Discussion around units. Consensus is that it's best to only have one unit. Henry will ask the other working group how they handle this.
  * Note that all the questions and discussions raised are matched with issues on the [demonstrator GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-data-specification/Power-Systems-Data-API-Demonstrator/issues).


## Actions items

* Formulation of the needs for the renewable project siting use case. Update the suggestion to make it shorter (Henry)
* Challenge the fuel type specification with addition of Unidentified/Unknown/Other (Henry)
* Challenge the status of curtailment as a should-have (Henry)
* Adding a FAQ / design doc (ex: path_param vs query_param) (Pierre)
* Asking WG1 how they deal with units (Henry)
